added precisions about snapshotting (#1536)
ceph/ceph-csi: docs/cephfs-snap-clone.md

The snapshot is created on/for an existing PVC. You should
have a PVC in bound state before creating snapshot from it.

> It is recommended to do a snapshot only when the volume is not in use.

Reviewer: Should we tune the terminology here 's/do/create/' and 's/volume/PV/' ?

> It is recommended to create a snapshot only when the PV is not in use.  

Reviewer 2: you also need to add it for clone also. same applies for rbd also
```suggestion
It is recommended to create a volume snapshot/PVC clone only when the PVC is not in use.  
```

The snapshot is created on/for an existing PVC. You should
have a PVC in bound state before creating snapshot from it.

> It is recommended to create a volume snapshot or a PVCclone

Reviewer 2: PVC clone
